[docs][cloud] Backups and blocking operations (#14680)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/yugabyte-cloud/cloud-clusters/backup-clusters.md

To review previous backups, click **Backup**. To review previous restores, click **Restore**.

## Limitations

> If some cluster operations are run during a scheduled backup, the backup may be prevented from running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If some cluster operations are already running during a scheduled backup window, the backup may be prevented from running.
```
